The idFORGE Framework

    Copyright © 2015 The CentOS Artwork SIG

    Copying and distribution of this file, with or without
    modification, are permitted in any medium without royalty provided
    the copyright notice and this notice are preserved.

The idFORGE Framework exists to improve the visual recognition of your
organization. It provides standard procedures to rebuild the visual
identity manual of a particular organization and the files necessary
for its implementation, using customized visual styles.  In this
context, the organization publishes the source files describing its
visual identity and allows others (e.g., you) to provide visual styles
to customize it.

The idFORGE Framework results useful for organizations and projects
that need to "refresh" their visual style within frequent periods of
time (e.g., every two years approximately) without altering their
visual identity structure.  For example, whenever the CentOS Project
(the organization) releases a new major release of CentOS GNU/Linux
distribution (visual manifestation) it must have a new image (visual
style) to differentiate it from other major releases of the same
visual manifestation. This major change of image demands the CentOS
Project to propagate the new visual style to dependent visual
manifestation (e.g., web sites, documentation, promotion stuff, etc.)
so they can be all recognized as a single visual unit. This visual
consistency renders a huge impact in the way the organization presents
itself both internally and externally; so it is the mission and vision
that motivates idFORGE Framework development.

    NOTE: The visual identity manual is a normative document
    describing key concepts about the organization so it can be better
    recognized in an specific environment or market. In the visual
    identity manual the organization describes its goals, principles,
    history, strategies, visual structure, branding, and visual
    manifestations where it shows its existence on. This information
    emerges naturally from the heart of the organization (i.e., the
    people), no matter if the organization takes or not control over
    it.

    NOTE: The visual identity manual isn't a conclusive document. It
    reflects the organization existence in a specific point of time so
    it must be updated frequently to introduce the organization's
    recent changes so it can be effectively used as reference by other
    organization (or manufacturers) to produce visual manifestations
    exactly as it describes.

Documentation
-------------

The idFORGE Framework documentation is available for reading using
on-line manual pages. To start reading, type the following command:

    man idforge

Download
--------

The packages you need to install the idFORGE Framework are available
to download from the following location:

    http://wiki.centos.org/ArtWork/Framework

Community
---------

The idFORGE Framework is an effort inside The CentOS Project
community.  Most discussions take place in the CentOS Developers
mailing list <centos-devel@centos.org>.

Author
------

 * Alain Reguera Delgado <alain.reguera@gmail.com>, 2009-2015.

Copyright
---------

Copyright © 2015 The CentOS Artwork SIG

idFORGE Framework comes with NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by
law. You may redistribute copies of idFORGE Framework under the terms
of the GNU General Public License. For more information about these
matters, see the file named COPYING.
