idFORGE Framework

    Copyright © 2015 The CentOS Artwork SIG

    Copying and distribution of this file, with or without
    modification, are permitted in any medium without royalty provided
    the copyright notice and this notice are preserved.

The idFORGE Framework helps you to rebuild the visual identity manual of a
particular organization using your own artistic motif. Normally, an
organization publishes normative information about its visual identity
and you the visual style that will be applied. Then, you run
idforge-render(1) to gear everything up and get the final files.

The visual identity manual is a normative document describing key
concepts about the organization so it can be better recognized in an
specific environment or market. In the visual identity manual the
organization describes its goals, principles, history, strategies,
visual structure, branding, and visual manifestations where it shows
its existence on. This information emerges naturally from the heart of
the organization (i.e., the people), no matter if the organization
takes or not control over it.

The visual identity manual isn't a conclusive document. It reflects
the organization existence in a specific point of time so it must be
updated frequently to introduce the organization's recent changes so
it can be effectively used as reference by other organization (or
industries) to produce visual manifestations exactly as it describes.

The idFORGE Framework tries to identify key concepts about an
organization and provides templates that may be useful as starting
point. It makes easier for people to contribute and become, this way,
true protagonists of their communities.

The idFORGE Framework is just a tool. The results a particular
organization could achieve with it can be good or bad depending on the
level of compromise the people involved do take continently in the
duty of describing what the organization is and how it should look
like in every single visual manifestation it shows its existence on.

Documentation
-------------

The idFORGE Framework documentation is available for reading using
on-line manual pages. To start reading, type the following command:

    man idforge

Download
--------

The packages you need to install the idFORGE Framework are available
to download from the following location:

    http://wiki.centos.org/ArtWork/Framework

Community
---------

The idFORGE Framework is an effort inside The CentOS Project
community.  Most discussions take place in the CentOS Developers
mailing list <centos-devel@centos.org>.

Author
------

 * Alain Reguera Delgado <alain.reguera@gmail.com>, 2009-2015.

Copyright
---------

Copyright © 2015 The CentOS Artwork SIG

idFORGE Framework comes with NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by
law. You may redistribute copies of idFORGE Framework under the terms
of the GNU General Public License. For more information about these
matters, see the file named LICENSE.
